Joe brings in a poverty condition but
rats to Womack's of wild henchmen ghosts
in the building things in the kitchen
waiting for the next dope line and start
sniffing but you guys run loose a pure
pain when you think about the rock you
think you're that ain't trained far Rock
Alcatraz applause for the 730 King being
scale and hood applause what you drink
it handy shot so basically I screw in
the stash be aware don't make a hot what
you got good dreams with sour cream made
before the glory mine it will shatter
schemes
is that focus magic when I speak to the
beat Cook focus play salute you with
your chain and diamond rings take you to
the pawnshop and dad it's a loose change
and kidnap fools
so preservation the quieter read going
from my own soul my sharpest attack go
gonna climb to the ceiling with a match
flow let's go
straight back your guts and let
champagne campaign maintain staying in
my lane with a bag of chips court
awarded some would like a ground clear
Monday night clouded money for gas let's
again claiming it County led dresser
when they pull your bones with big grab
bag your tote bag hood winner wrong flag
not what the Brad flow shot with jet lag
cousin come on Chloe thinking I said bad
in the different world silver spoon with
bad cash but instead I got the hood duct
tape and ski man's left my paying said
for the critics gets married dealt with
the pain stomped in the rain with a
broken umbrella trying to cover my frame
weather cut my home spit don't bitch up
great Man Overboard dodging the slave
both writing on the wall look sad or
Grand Prix swimming in the now when I
have a blip execs shaking the concrete
let's go